AWS S3:
---------------->>>

Amazon Simple Storage Service (Amazon S3) is storage for the internet. 
You can use Amazon S3 to store and retrieve any amount of data at any time, from anywhere on the web. 
You can accomplish these tasks using the simple and intuitive web interface of the AWS Management Console.


1.Create an Amazon S3 Bucket

  1.First, you need to create an Amazon S3 bucket where you will store your objects.

  2.Sign in to the preview version of the AWS Management Console.

      Under Storage & Content Delivery, choose S3 to open the Amazon S3 console.
	  
  3.From the Amazon S3 console dashboard, choose Create Bucket.

  4.In Create a Bucket, type a bucket name in Bucket Name.

  5.The bucket name you choose must be globally unique across all existing bucket names in Amazon S3 

  6.In Region, choose Oregon.

     Choose Create.

       When Amazon S3 successfully creates your bucket, the console displays your empty bucket in the Buckets pane.
	   
2.Upload a File to Your Amazon S3 Bucket

    Now that you've created a bucket, you're ready to add an object to it. An object can be any kind of file: a document, a photo, a video, a music file, or other file type.

      1.In the Amazon S3 console, choose the bucket where you want to upload an object, choose Upload, and then choose Add Files.	  
	  
	  
	 2.In the file selection dialog box, find the file that you want to upload, choose it, choose Open, and then choose Start Upload.

        You can watch the progress of the upload in the Transfer pane.
		
3. Retrieve a File from Your Amazon S3 Bucket

      Now that you've added an object to a bucket, you can open and view it in a browser. You can also download the object to your local computer.

	1.In the Amazon S3 console, choose your S3 bucket, choose the file that you want to open or download, choose Actions, and then choose Open or Download.
	
	2.If you are downloading an object, specify where you want to save it.

        The procedure for saving the object depends on the browser and operating system that you are using.
		
4. Delete a File From Your Amazon S3 Bucket

    If you no longer need to store the file you've uploaded to your Amazon S3 bucket, you can delete it.

    Within your S3 bucket, select the file that you want to delete, choose Actions, and then choose Delete.

    In the confirmation message, choose OK.
